Fixed statements related to colocated tables (#18596)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_create_table.md

### COLOCATION

To create a colocated table, use the following command:

```sql
CREATE TABLE <name> (columns) WITH (COLOCATION = true);
```

> In a colocated database, all tables are colocated by default. To opt-out a specific table out of colocation, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a colocated database, all tables are colocated by default. To opt a specific table out of colocation, use the following command:
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE <name> (columns) WITH (COLOCATION = false);
```

> This will ensure that the table won't be stored on the same tablet as the rest of the tables for this database, but instead have its own set of tablets. Use this option for large tables that need to be scaled out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that the table is not stored on the same tablet as the rest of the tables for this database, but instead have its own set of tablets. Use this option for large tables that need to be scaled out.
```

{{<note>}}

> Setting `COLOCATION = true` has no effect if the database that this table is part of is not colocated, as currently colocation is supported only at the database level. See [Colocated tables](../../../../../architecture/docdb-sharding/colocated-tables/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `COLOCATION = true` has no effect if the database that the table is part of is not colocated, as currently colocation is supported only at the database level. See [Colocated tables](../../../../../architecture/docdb-sharding/colocated-tables/) for more details.
```
